Definition:
Software engineering is the application of principles used in the field of engineering, 
which usually deals with physical systems, to the design, development, testing, deployment and management of software systems.

A little explanation:
The field of software engineering applies the disciplined, structured approach to programming that is used in engineering to software
development with the stated goal of improving the quality,time and budget efficiency,along with the assurance of structured testing
and engineer certification.

IMPORTANCE
1. Software engineering is about building new applications based on industry requirements. No other engineering aspect will be able to do this.

2. It allows us to translate end user requirements written in plain English to software requirements in technical terms and also communicate technical advantages or limitations to end users in terms they understand.

3. It provides us with the analytical examination skills to identify what a specific software requires (libraries, platform, architecture, etc.) before the first line of code is written.

4. Machines don’t understand “approximately” or “abstractly”.
And it’s extremely hard to describe one of those “anythings” to the machine in a language it would understand. Because you have to describe every single detail.
That’s what Software engineering entails

5. Software engineering plays a major role being the backbone of software systems by applying technologies and practices not only technically from computer science and engineering, but also with management issues such as project management, plus the telecom and other fields.

6.  It forms the basis of operational design and development of virtually all computer systems. The discipline extends to application software on personal computers, connectivity between computers, operating systems and includes software for micro-controllers, small computers embedded in all types of electronic equipment. Without software engineering, computers would have no functionality. Although hardware is just as important, no software means no computers. It is a fundamental part of today's information systems and engineering and our lives would be very different without it.
