WHAT IS SOFTWARE ENGINEERING?

Software engineering is a field of engineering, for designing and writing programs for computers or other electronic devices.It is also is a detailed study of engineering to the design,testing, development and maintenance of software, deployment and management of software systems.

WHY IS IT USEFUL?

1. The Career in Gadget Based Software Making:-
Software engineering proves to be an ideal way of making a career in gadget based software making. If you wish to get hired or placed in some company that deals with gadget making, the best way to enter such firms is through the course of software engineering.

2. The Career in Instruments Based Software Making:-
The instrument based software making also has got an endless scope and opportunities for a candidate in it and thus if you are a software engineering aspirant, you have got endless scope for yourself in this field. Simply complete the degree and get employed.

3. The Machinery Based Software Making:-
The machinery based software making these days also is in fashion. Most of the heavy machines these days go hi-tech with software based commands provided to them and thus even this has got endless scope for the software engineering aspirants.

4. Almost All The Equipments That You Use Are Based On Softwares:-
Almost all the equipments that you use let it be a digital watch or a smart phone or a laptop or a computer or even a television are based on software and thus software engineering proves to be a better and great career option for all.

5. The Software Engineers Are In Demand All Over the World:-
The software engineers are in demand all over the world and this demand is so high that most of the information technology based companies these days are hiring enthusiastic and skilled software engineers giving them huge salary 

6. It is one of the Top Most Paid Jobs of the World:-
Software engineering is also one of the top most paid jobs of the world. It provides you with the incentives as well as endless opportunities, quick promotions and even tour packages all over the world with your posting made even in the foreign countries. The companies like T.C.S etc where it is a dream come true to get hired and the companies like Infosys etc also choose to hire the best of the software engineers in the branches of their company.
