What is Software Engineering?

	Software engineering is the practice of applying a systematic and analytical approach 
	to the process of bringing solutions through good software.

Importance of software engineering:
	
	EDUCATION:
	 The fruits of software engineering helps to close the geographical barrier to
     world class education, causing people from anywhere on the earth to have access to 
     the best sources of knowledge, at minimal (or no) cost. 
	 Examples of such products of software engineering are: CodeWithFavour, 
	 Udacity, Udemy, FutureLearn etc. We just can't wait for the VR learning experience,
	 where history students can be there during these historical events, and budding
	 apprentice doctors (fresh outta university) don't use humans to learn their trade.

	EASE OF WORK (and life):
	 Software engineering has made it way easier to navigate daily life. Our grandparents 
	 can only get jealous. It has brought forth strange beasts like Remote Work, 
	 and the ability to reach out to amazing people who we won't even bother to dream
	 of meeting on a normal day. It has also helped with the automation of processes 
	 and organisation of business/organisational data. Our grandparents can only stay jealous.

	HEALTH:
	 The field of software has been working wonders in the field of health since time
	 immemorial. Now in the age of big data analytics, these wonders have no choice but to triple!
	 Software has been employed in cases ranging from MRI scans to the ability to keeps tabs on 
	 your blood pressure, so you can now watch how you're dying, in real time and in the 
	 comfort of your own home. Now in the age of data science, software engineering may hold
	 the key to humans never getting ill, as your daily activities and body responses
	 can be tracked, and warnings can be given way before a disaster occurs. As it should
	 be. You just gotta love data.

	FUN:
	 Finally, fun. Software engineering has brought fun things like 3D movie seeing/games,
	 VR gaming, finding eLove, and other amazing things which give meaning to life. As
	 the boss had said, life has to be more than just solving problems.

THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO JUMP INTO THIS GREAT FIELD AT AN AMAZING TIME AS THIS!!
